README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
I’m a Full Stack Software Engineer & DevOps Engineer passionate about building scalable web applications and automating infrastructure to streamline deployments. I work with Typescript, Python, and JavaScript, and enjoy creating solutions that are both efficient and maintainable.<br><br>When I’m not coding, I explore new technologies, contribute to open-source projects, and experiment with DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, and Terraform to optimize workflows.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/hesbon-angwenyi-58b9412b4/) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/https://x.com/home) [![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MASTODON-%232B90D9?logo=mastodon&logoColor=white)](https://mastodon.social/@Hesbon Angwenyi) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:hesbonmanyinsa96@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/datadog-%23632CA6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=datadog&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Alibaba Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/AlibabaCloud-%23FF6701.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alibabacloud&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white) ![Type-graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeGraphQL-%23C04392?style=for-the-badge) ![SolidJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SolidJS-2c4f7c?style=for-the-badge&logo=solid&logoColor=c8c9cb) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Node-RED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node--RED-%238F0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node-red&logoColor=white) ![Nuxt JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-002E3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=#00DC82) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![DjangoREST](https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Fonts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Fonts-000B1D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Fonts&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Sketch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sketch-FFB387?style=for-the-badge&logo=sketch&logoColor=black) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![CloudBees](https://img.shields.io/badge/CloudBees-1997B5&?logo=cloudbees&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Octopus Deploy](https://img.shields.io/badge/octopus%20deploy-0D80D8?style=for-the-badge&logo=octopusdeploy&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Jellyfin](https://img.shields.io/badge/jellyfin-%23000B25.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jellyfin&logoColor=00A4DC) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Vagrant](https://img.shields.io/badge/vagrant-%231563FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vagrant&logoColor=white) ![Square Enix](https://img.shields.io/badge/SquareEnix-%23ED1C24.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SquareEnix&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layo## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hesbonangwenyi606&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=hesbonangwenyi606&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/hesbonmanyinsa96@gmail.com) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Correct GitHub trophies URL and formatting
Fixed the GitHub trophies URL and adjusted formatting.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
I’m a Full Stack Software Engineer & DevOps Engineer passionate about building scalable web applications and automating infrastructure to streamline deployments. I work with Typescript, Python, and JavaScript, and enjoy creating solutions that are both efficient and maintainable.<br><br>When I’m not coding, I explore new technologies, contribute to open-source projects, and experiment with DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, and Terraform to optimize workflows.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/hesbon-angwenyi-58b9412b4/) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/https://x.com/home) [![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MASTODON-%232B90D9?logo=mastodon&logoColor=white)](https://mastodon.social/@Hesbon Angwenyi) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:hesbonmanyinsa96@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/datadog-%23632CA6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=datadog&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Alibaba Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/AlibabaCloud-%23FF6701.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alibabacloud&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white) ![Type-graphql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeGraphQL-%23C04392?style=for-the-badge) ![SolidJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SolidJS-2c4f7c?style=for-the-badge&logo=solid&logoColor=c8c9cb) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Node-RED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node--RED-%238F0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node-red&logoColor=white) ![Nuxt JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-002E3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=#00DC82) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![DjangoREST](https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Fonts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Fonts-000B1D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Fonts&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Sketch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sketch-FFB387?style=for-the-badge&logo=sketch&logoColor=black) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![CloudBees](https://img.shields.io/badge/CloudBees-1997B5&?logo=cloudbees&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Octopus Deploy](https://img.shields.io/badge/octopus%20deploy-0D80D8?style=for-the-badge&logo=octopusdeploy&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Jellyfin](https://img.shields.io/badge/jellyfin-%23000B25.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jellyfin&logoColor=00A4DC) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Vagrant](https://img.shields.io/badge/vagrant-%231563FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vagrant&logoColor=white) ![Square Enix](https://img.shields.io/badge/SquareEnix-%23ED1C24.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SquareEnix&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layo## 

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies ![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=hesbonangwenyi606&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4) give me the correct url of the trophies

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hesbonangwenyi606&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=hesbonangwenyi606&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/hesbonmanyinsa96@gmail.com) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
